# Client Meetings:

**Meeting 1 (24/09/2020)**: 30 mins; Phil & Christian present; Agenda was introduction, to get familiar with the client, and have an idea of project design and expectations; Discussed topics on agenda; Set of actions to outline we think the project should like, and provide questions for client (if needed) for next meeting.

**Meeting 2 (29/09/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil, Christian & Anthony present; Agenda was to ask and get answers to questions regarding the project features and expectations; Discussed ideas and suggestions on tech stacks and programs to use, as well as more specific details on how the web app should operate; Set of actions to have somewhat of a low level prototype to confirm we on the same page, for next meeting.

**Meeting 3 (06/10/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil, Christian & Anthony present; Agenda was to ask any further questions fro clarification, in preparation for video presentation; Discussions involved answering questions and clarifying expectations from the project, and confirmed our client's tech stack preferences; Set of actions to create a Trello board / Git board to use as agenda for weekly meetings.

**Meeting 4 (13/10/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil, Christian & Anthony present; Agenda was to provide feedback on details of report in preparation for requirements milestone; Discussions made were feedback on accuracy of information in our report; Set of actions are to have resources for the report fully completed, so final clarification questions can be answered.

**Meeting 5 (20/10/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil, Christian & Anthony present; Agenda was to go over web functionality, as well as go over trello board and address outstanding issues; Discussions made involved establishing ideas on high level functionality of the web app, as well as changes to be made to web app functionality for simplicity purposes; Set of actions were to build unto our trello board, adnset up environment for the project.

**Meeting 6 (27/10/2020)**: 30 mins; Phil & Anthony present; Agenda was to go through the trello board and discuss any current plans and ideas; Discussions involved suggestions for watching tutorials, and taking down important notes relating to the web app project; Set of actions were to use the week for tech stack tutorials.

**Meeting 7 (03/11/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil, Christian & Anthony present; Agenda was to go through trello board, discuss what was learned from tutorials, as well as challenges and plans moving forward; Discussions involved suggestions on tools to use in project development, as well as some tech stack information to research, like react updates and new coding syntax. Set of actions were to have visuals of practice developed from tutorials.

**Meeting 8 (10/11/2020)**: 45 mins; Phil & Anthony present; Agenda was to go through trello, explain progress and request feedback on implementations.

**Meeting 9 (17/11/2020)**: 30 mins; Phil & Anthony present; Agenda was to go through trello board, maintenance and check-in on progress. Discussions made included firebase and UI funcitonality in preparation for peer testing. Set of actions were to set up trello tickets for what we plan to implement in the web app, as well as break the tickets down into smaller workload.

**Meeting 10 (24/11/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil & Anthony present; Agenda was to go through trello tickets and look at app progress;Discussions made included UI and authentication preferences; Set of actions was to incorporate multiple suggested featuresincluding firebase authentication API, modify some login functionality and edit mentor form.

**Meeting 11 (01/12/2020)**: 1 hour; Phil & Anthony present; Agenda was to go over results from peer testingand discuss criticism from peers and establish modifications to the pp; Discussions included suggestions for libraries to use to better assist web app development, as well as verification and authentication preferences. Also discussed admin and mentee user tasks within the app. Set of actions were to research APIs and libraries to incorporate into app development.

**Meeting 12 (12/01/2021)**: 45 mins; Phil present; Agenda was to go over changes made during the break, but client was not present.

**Meeting 13 (19/01/2021)**: 1 hour; Phil & Anthony present; Agenda was to go over trello board, show updated app based on feedback from testing; Discussions included establishing appropriate login fuunctionality, key points about mentor and admin interactions with mentees; Set of actions were to fix web app based on feedback, fix environment and security implementations on database configurations, transition from trello to github project.

# Team Meetings:

**Team Meeting 1(28/09/2020)**:(2:17-3:52);All group members present; Goals were figuring out what to ask the client, setting up the repo, determining when to work on the requirements, and which ones to start working on.

**Team Meeting 2(04/10/2020)**:(2:08-2:46);All group members present; Meeting mainly focused on what to have ready for next client meeting, which is have the tech stack pros and cons finished, as well as a rough timeline of milestones/functional requirements. Also covered other things needed for the requirements in slightly less detail, and planned when to have most things done by.

**Team Meeting 3(07/10/2020)**:(11:00-11:47);All group members present; New meeting time, so not a lot was covered. Reviewed who is going to do which requirements for the deadline, and came up with a rough timeline for when we are going to get the video presentation done. Also updated each other on what we have done, and adjusted plans accordingly.

**Team Meeting 4(18/10/2020)**:(2:00-2:48);All group members present; Covered feedback from the group evaluations, and decided on what to improve on for our report, before our next client meeting and the requirements deadline.

**Team Meeting 5(1/11/2020)**:(1:07-2:19);All group members present; Decided on what to do now that the requirments deadline has passed, and what to have done for the next week. Going to focus on building enviroments, and starting to build a start page.

**Team Meeting 6(14/11/2020)**:(2:10-2:55);Chrstian and Anthony present; Assigned tasks for the next deliverable, and figured out what exactly needs to be done.

**Team Meeting 7(23/11/2020)**:(1:01-2:10);All group members present; Went over what has been completed, and what still has to be done for peer testing 1. Authentication and react routing are now done, assigned remaining things that still need to be completed

**Team Meeting 8(17/1/2021)**:(12:15-1:04);All group members present; First meeting since the break. Covered what we want to work on next, as well as combined any changes that did not make it into the last peer testing
